[Music]
four must follow steps if you want to
lose your belly fat how many times have
you broken your New Year's resolution
after swearing that once and for all
you'll get rid of that annoying bulge on
your belly come on don't be shy
we completely understand your dilemma
why is it so hard to stay fit and lose
weight is the whole universe against you
never allowing you to achieve your dream
of having a six-pack don't worry
Brightside will help you reach your goal
of losing that extra belly fat there are
exercises that can help you get in shape
fast if you take the right approach
today we'll tell you about the basic
stages every person must go through if
they want to lose those extra inches
from their belly but before we knock out
the flab on your belly hit the subscribe
button and turn on that little
notification belt so you won't miss any
of our new videos now let's get started
stage 1 reconsider your diet during your
so-called
losing weight saga how many times has
your cheat day turned into a cheat week
this causes you to lose interest hope
and motivation completely we know that
food is life and who doesn't love food
you're perfectly aware of what not to
eat perhaps you've even got a note on
the door of your fridge or you've
installed a daily meal planner app to
monitor your diet you know that you
should try to minimize the amount of
sugar and carbs in your diet and that
you should replace soda with tea sweet
scones with nuts and fruit and sugar
with honey you try to eat more
vegetables and get more fiber into your
diet you've cut back on your carbs and
you eat protein rich foods like meat
fish seafood and eggs to boost your
metabolism all while avoiding sugary
snacks and fruit juice but still being a
tea or coffee lover
Yatta Yatta Yatta so what's the problem
it's all in the mind are you familiar
with the saying mind over matter
when you want to lose extra inches from
your waistline it's important to mind
your eating habits and stick to your
diet there is a scientific explanation
for this but we're gonna skip that for
now so that you don't zone out on all
the science stuff and grab a bag of
Oh chips instead so onward to the juicy
details what are the reasons you can't
stop eating number one you can't decide
if it's hunger or appetite be aware of
what your body and mind tell you before
you eat a tub of ice cream or any kind
of junk food are you truly hungry as in
you need to eat and have the it's time
to eat type of hunger otherwise maybe
you simply want a snack or indulge in
your cravings number two you've mistaken
hunger for thirst try to sip some water
coffee or tea remember no sugary drinks
when a pang of hunger hits scientists
from the University of Illinois at
urbana-champaign found that people who
are well hydrated can burn off 205
calories a day just through a
combination of being well hydrated and
cutting back on sugar sodium saturated
fat and cholesterol number three you're
stressed many studies have shown that
stress can lead to overeating or not
eating at all it can activate higher
cortisol levels which produce glucose
this glucose triggers the hunger
hormones try to beat that stress to
triumph over binge eating
number four you don't stop eating when
you're full pay attention once you hit
the I'm full meter this is a time when
you say oh I'm stuffed but don't take
too long to warn yourself
for example after you've had your third
helping number five you always sleep
past your bedtime
a lack of sleep can fire up ghrelin the
hunger hormone and weaken left in the
hormone that tells you when you're full
so get enough shut-eye to stop that
ghrelin messing with your appetite we're
now clear on how important it is to
reconsider your diets and eating habits
when you want to lose weight time to
move on to the next stage stage number
two get rid of that extra weight roll up
your sleeves we're now getting down to
business this is a stage where you have
to move it move it diet without
exercises totally you're getting thin
but you're not getting into shape why is
exercise so important when you're trying
to lose extra belly fat
according to Shawn Hart yep we're citing
scientific explanation to convince you
an exercise scientist at Rutgers
University it improves insulin
sensitivity and increases fat loss
here's our starter pack to help you burn
those calories run for 30 minutes a day
and you'll soon see positive changes in
your figure if it's too hard for you to
run 30 minutes at the beginning you can
walk and run running burns two and a
half times more calories than walking
second swimming swim for at least 30
minutes two or three times a week choose
the style and pace you like the most
important thing is to stay moving
because any exercise and water helps you
lose weight one hour of intensive
swimming can help you burn 500 calories
the last option is cycling riding a
bicycle is a basic exercise you can do
if you want to lose weight do it two to
three times a week at a comfortable pace
you can combine two of the three
exercise or alternate each whichever you
prefer make sure you're comfortable
doing it stage number three strengthen
your abs
cardio exercises like running swimming
and cycling will help you lose extra
weight but they won't make your belly
absolutely flat you need a complex
approach to help you lose weight while
strengthening your muscles we have a few
suggestions for you to try at home grab
your exercise mat change into your
workout clothes and let's get started
the vacuum is a great exercise here's
how you do it lie on your back with your
arms by your sides
bend your knees with your feet a little
wider apart breathe out all the air in
your lungs and diaphragm breathe in and
pull your abdominals in toward your
spine hold your breath for 15 to 20
seconds let's do a quick dry run by
doing this for 15 seconds ready go hold
it hold it hold it 5 4 3 2 1 and exhale
repeat this ten times three to four
times a day and you'll notice that your
waist has gotten smaller after a few
weeks a plank is a simple but very
effective exercise it's so simple that
all you have to do is remain stationary
for a few seconds here's how get down
and form a push-up position bend your
elbows at 90 degrees and put your weight
on your forearms your shoulders must be
aligned with your elbows keep your body
straight from head to toe hold that
position for 30 seconds are you ready to
try it this is for 30 seconds three two
one and go
[Music]
aside from burning calories and making
the ABS stronger it also improves
posture and relieves back strain
[Music]
just a little more five four three two
one and done do this two or three times
a day for 30 seconds gradually
increasing the duration do you feel the
burn in your muscles now great we'll
move on stage number four get muscle
relief for this stage you'll perform two
types of exercise crunches and leg
raises
first stop crunches this exercise
doesn't burn a lot of calories but it
strengthens your abdominal muscles will
show you the right way to do it lie flat
on your back put your fingertips behind
your ears do not put your hands around
the back of your neck point your elbows
out to either side bend your knees with
your feet a little wider apart lift your
shoulder blades off the ground quickly
exhale while you rise move back to the
starting position inhale while you do
this get it
now do this for 10 reps ready start one
two three four five six seven eight nine
and ten wow are you a pro or something
you can increase the repetitions as you
progress do this once a day for a month
for the best results these exercises
will make your AB and core stronger and
strengthening your core will take
pressure off your other muscle groups
the last exercise for the day is the leg
raises
this one is easy compared to crunches
simply follow these steps lie on your
back and put your hands on the floor for
balance slowly raise your legs 10 to 15
times your legs should form a straight
line now it's your turn to do it so
you're a beginner we'll do 10 reps are
you ready go 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 and 10
whoa you're amazing by the way leg
raises target your lower abs and hip
muscles making them more tone you'll
begin to notice an improvement in just
30 days to sum it all up here's the game
plan to transform your pinchable belly
into a ripped six-pack first reconsider
your eating habits and strictly follow
your diet next choose a cardio workout
that suits you do you prefer running
cycling or swimming if you want to do a
triathlon go ahead
third cardio goes well with abdominal
muscle strengthening and last include
muscle relief exercises to make your abs
and core stronger since you've
successfully performed the entire
workout routine in this video we've got
a bonus for you after a workout take a
cold shower
low temperatures don't just help to
reduce the amount of lactic acid in the
body which causes muscle pain they also
burn additional calories by making the
body work harder to stay warm
wait a minute before you head to the
shower do you know of any other methods
to lose extra inches from your waist
tell us in the comments section below
don't forget to hit the thumbs up button
and share this video to let others know
about this guaranteed technique to
battle a flabby belly be sure to visit
our channel to watch more fitness videos
like this one stay tuned and join us on
the bright side of life
[Music]